So what we have so far is here like this.
And so this is going to be a wrap.
And here you can see that this is going to be our songs right now.
What we need to do here is Ousley at the hour.
All right.
So we need to go on here to a Google All right.
All right our curso here and we right away go here to the home page.
And the first thing right away we can just downloaded right now and downloading over here and then we
can go to the documentation.
Right.
And over here they say what we would want right.
So we need a theme default he says all theme default mensis is right.
And so here we have a installation right.
So for the installation this is what we should include in our head element right.
And here this is going to be the javascript.
Now they also require a query because this is a Jake replugging.
But we already have the Jack wiring right now.
The thing that hear about all thean default I mean you technically do not need to include it.
Technically you can write it on here like this.
Right.
And I remember when we were writing our age T.M. we actually included the owl theme.
And so if we went over here to this song center I actually had a theme.
So let's go here.
And this was the song list.
So what we would need is a song.
So let me scroll down right and you can see or hear yourself in this all thean gives you hear these
nice navigation.
So that's the reason why we're adding this owl theme.
But again it's not necessarily great but if you wanted the buttons right this is what you should do.
Right so here let's first actually get it right.
So where is the downloads.
And this is going to be our curso.
We're doing this then what I'm going to do here is I can just grab this folder and put it on desktop
right so I can minimize this for now right so it can get everything what you need and on here what I
would want is a distribution here.
And then we have a search right now.
Here we have all theme default success.
So we grabbed this guy then we would need a mean see here so Mincey says.
So we're going to grab this one this one over here like this.
And then we would want to go back and see or hear this our current Just so we're also going to have.
So I'm going to close this one up not create a new file folder and I'm going to call it this.
Oh.
All here let's grab these files right.
So all three files are here.
Grab them and then we're going to actually place them in our music app.
And then we can actually do it if we want.
Right.
So we can just move it to the trash and the trash or going to go back to our techs that are now we need
to actually link it.
All right.
So this is going to be all.
So let's say all the way I'm on top right.
Where's little head and foot.
Last one was we're going to say over here and on here we're going to have two links.
So the first one is going to be at all.
And this is going to be a carer so men see a sense then after that we're going to have another one not
like.
All right so let's go Mac or we're going to say on your link and this is going to be again a whole hole
more here and you can see that I made a mistake here.
So this is going to be a whole whole.
And this is going to be themed defaults.
Yes that's right.
So now that we have a theme now and next one would we would want is or here in the bottom.
And so this is going to be a genius right.
So we're going to write on here before the script.
We're going to write all J.S. Right and now we are going to have a script and we're going to press time
and the source is also going to be out.
So I'm going to go today I'll add on here are so many us now did we have them connected now that everything
is working you could see my songs actually disappear.
Right.
Because it has started to work.
However we need to actually had the code that's actually running this way and the easiest way how to
actually start running the whole converso.
So we're going to go back all here and you see or here we have them.
Right.
I mean we have all kinds of demos but we're going to right away go with the basic one and it's all going
to go to the basic one.
And basically what we need to do is in our script write we need to add this code.
You know here we're going to say oh you're doing this right.
That we would want this code.
And when I'm going to say here is I'm going to copy this one right and we're going to go back over here
and we're here in the script.
All right.
We're going to copy and paste this code now or here what I'm going to do is I'm going to change it.
Technically you can run this this way right.
Everything would be fine.
However if there's going to be multiple carousels actually what you would want is songs and center right.
So basically you'd want to have a class that you would want to target and then you would want at our
cars.
Right.
And we're going to go over these ones in the second round let's just start running our cars.
You can see or hear now my actual car running on here like this.
Right.
So everything is working.
Now let's go back here to indexation.
First of all understand where we actually added.
Right.
So if we're going to go back over here right you see or hear the syntax that they would want.
So we have the day of the day of the class and then we have to our carrousel classes in our cars on
our team.
So if we're going to go back over here this is in the set up that they were want.
Right.
You need to have a div with our curso and our theme.
And then all these divs are actually going to be children.
Right.
And once you set up the carousel then it starts running.
Now whenever we are selecting right we can select just a regular car carso.
However if you're going to have multiple of them right you need to have distinguish right you need to
distinguish between.
So therefore in our script I'm selecting the songs center right not the carousel.
And then I'm adding this out carousel to the song center.
And this is the look that we get over here right.
So after that what kind of options are these.
Right.
We have loop and we have margin than we have now.
And on here like this right.
Then we have a response.
What responsa means is that as the screen size changes so does the items all right.
So on a zero we're going to have one then moment and goes to 600 and it's going to be three then on
here thousand is going to be five.
Now obviously you can change these.
Right we are going to leave.
The way it is the basic one right.
But you can obviously change that.
And where would you find it.
Where would you find how to do that actually.
Right.
So if you're going to go to documents I mean you know I'm going to go back to options.
Now these are the options that you're writing in the object right.
Items are typed.
Number three right margin type number.
The fourth one.
Now we're going to get not going to go over them because there's a lot of them to Covenant's can be
coarse on its own right.
What are you going to look for is one thing.
And this is actually going to be smarts.
Right.
So this is going to be smart.
Well here you can see that this is going to be type number and the folds to 50 and spots basically tells
how long we're actually how long the carousel was working.
Right.
So we're going to go here.
We're going to place a comma smart speed here.
This is smart.
I will say speed.
And I'm going to say let's say 4000.
Which again stands for four seconds basically.
Right.
So if we say this see what happens.
Right now the carousel is moving slower.
So each time it is going to take four seconds.
So this is how we can actually experiment with all these options right.
You can check out what is fluid speed out of play or anything like that.
Right.
So again I'm going to leave it for you to look at it but this would be the basic thing right.
You just go back to the object and you right out of play whether I want or not.
Right.
You can see by default it's false but you can actually set it.
Let's say draw if you want.
Right.
So this is how we would get them ready.
Right now we're here.
Let's look at these guys and you can see that right now we have the colors but they're not the best
right.
No.
Here you can see the finished product range.
We have all here these ones are going to be orange right now as we're hovering black.
And the items are going to be changing and also the same stands stands out here for these guys right.
That's what I'm going to do here.
We're going to go back to.
All right.
We find our theme the fall assess like this and then this is where we actually change it right.
So we have all right.
So the first one is all right first color and we're going to write is just don't check what we had.
Right.
So we had a white with a orange background.
So the white can stain or her hair will get right.
And this is going to be EF 1 5 0 to 5 right then really you can see that we have a rule of when we're
actually hovering and it's all over.
So what changed this 1 to 1 9 1 9 1 9.
Right.
And let's look for where is the actual color.
Where is the color not getting the color right now right.
So we have background background here right.
We're going to go here and we're going to say this is going to be say what we had right now.
You know what we had a different way.
We had a background was 1 9 1 9 1 9 and this one was actually EF 1 5 0 2 5 0.
That's right.
So what happens is as I'm hovering You can see that it's different.
And also let's change these dots on here.
So we're going to go back over here and see or hear here.
That's right.
And you're here to see that once we're hovering right so folded up Magro right away.
Let's say that we're going to have a like 1 1 9 1 9 1 9.
However when we were hovering back when we were going to change it to orange so I have 1 5 0 2 5 and
this is how we can actually change here to this custom navigation and let's say this.
And let's actually go to our music up right.
We don't have it yet.
You can see that because we didn't actually download it right.
We didn't we refresh the page.
Well we refresh it and sure enough you can see that we have it over here right.
And I can see that it's working.
We have song and most an artist and as a hover you can see that what we have right and also notice that
once we have are all curso and what happens is once I press it over here right it doesn't stop or hear
what they write because right now you can see that our Kowsar was actually pushing.
Right now we have actually Max with working right before that it's data nany.
The moment we added a whole curso it actually pushed all the way to 100 great so our with staes hundred.
It doesn't push out on the page.
However it doesn't stay at 80 right.
So that's what I was saying to that whole carrousel use is a absolute positioning.
Right.
So therefore before if we stayed at 80 right even though our max with 100 right now with all carrousel
pushes out right but it doesn't go beyond the page.
And this is going to be it for this project and I hope you guys enjoyed it.